content/_index.md, before:

---
---
{{< raw >}}
<br/>
<img src="/ausnc-logo_250px.png" title="AusNC Logo" class="home_image"/>
<br/>
{{< /raw >}}

## Hi! Australian National Corpus has moved

TODO: LDaCA team to add content to this page.

For accessing data please go to [data.ldaca.edu.au](https://data.ldaca.edu.au) 

### Corpora Links

<!-- TODO: replace all links with ldaca links -->

- [AusLit](https://data.ldaca.edu.au/collection?id=arcp%3A%2F%2Fname%2CAustLit&_crateId=arcp%3A%2F%2Fname%2CAustLit)
- [ACE](https://data.ldaca.edu.au/collection?id=arcp://name,australian-corpus-of-english&_crateId=arcp%3A%2F%2Fname%2Caustralian-corpus-of-english)
- [ART](https://data.ldaca.edu.au/collection?id=arcp%3A%2F%2Fname%2Caustralian-radio-talkback&_crateId=arcp%3A%2F%2Fname%2Caustralian-radio-talkback)
- Coming soon - Braided Channels
<!-- - [Braided Channels](https://ausnc.org.au/corpora/braided-channels) -->
- [Corpus of Oz Early English](https://data.ldaca.edu.au/collection?id=arcp%3A%2F%2Fname%2Ccorpus-of-oz-early-english&_crateId=arcp%3A%2F%2Fname%2Ccorpus-of-oz-early-english)
- Coming soon - Griffith Corpus of Spoken Australian English
<!-- - [Griffith Corpus of Spoken Australian English](https://ausnc.org.au/corpora/gcsause) -->
- [International Corpus of English (Aus)](https://data.ldaca.edu.au/collection?id=arcp://name,international-corpus-of-english-australia&_crateId=arcp%3A%2F%2Fname%2Cinternational-corpus-of-english-australia)
- Coming soon - Mitchell and Delbridge
<!-- - [Mitchell and Delbridge](https://ausnc.org.au/corpora/md) -->
- Coming soon - Monash
<!-- - [Monash](https://ausnc.org.au/corpora/monash) -->
- [The La Trobe Corpus of Spoken Australian English](https://data.ldaca.edu.au/collection?id=arcp://name,the-la-trobe-corpus-of-spoken-australian-english&_crateId=arcp%3A%2F%2Fname%2Cthe-la-trobe-corpus-of-spoken-australian-english)

Commit message:

fixes: https://github.com/Language-Research-Technology/auto-ldaca-data-portals/issues/8

content/_index.md, after:

---
---
{{< raw >}}
<br/>
<img src="/ausnc-logo_250px.png" title="AusNC Logo" class="home_image"/>
<br/>
{{< /raw >}}

## Hi! Australian National Corpus has moved

The Australian National Corpus (AusNC) was a discovery service that collated and provided access to examples of Australian English text, transcriptions, audio and audio-visual materials. The service was managed by Griffith University beginning 2012 until mid-2023 when the site was decommissioned. From 2023, AusNC data are being made available as individual collections (listed below) through the [Language Data Commons of Australia (LDaCA) data portal](https://data.ldaca.edu.au) .


### Corpora Links

<!-- TODO: replace all links with ldaca links -->

- [AusLit](https://data.ldaca.edu.au/collection?id=arcp%3A%2F%2Fname%2CAustLit&_crateId=arcp%3A%2F%2Fname%2CAustLit)
- [ACE](https://data.ldaca.edu.au/collection?id=arcp://name,australian-corpus-of-english&_crateId=arcp%3A%2F%2Fname%2Caustralian-corpus-of-english)
- [ART](https://data.ldaca.edu.au/collection?id=arcp%3A%2F%2Fname%2Caustralian-radio-talkback&_crateId=arcp%3A%2F%2Fname%2Caustralian-radio-talkback)
- [Braided Channels](https://data.ldaca.edu.au/collection?id=arcp%3A%2F%2Fname%2Cbraided-channels&_crateId=arcp%3A%2F%2Fname%2Cbraided-channels)
- [Corpus of Oz Early English](https://data.ldaca.edu.au/collection?id=arcp%3A%2F%2Fname%2Ccorpus-of-oz-early-english&_crateId=arcp%3A%2F%2Fname%2Ccorpus-of-oz-early-english)
- Coming soon - Griffith Corpus of Spoken Australian English
<!-- - [Griffith Corpus of Spoken Australian English](https://ausnc.org.au/corpora/gcsause) -->
- [International Corpus of English (Aus)](https://data.ldaca.edu.au/collection?id=arcp://name,international-corpus-of-english-australia&_crateId=arcp%3A%2F%2Fname%2Cinternational-corpus-of-english-australia)
- [The speech of Australian adolescents: research data and recordings collected by A.G. Mitchell and Arthur Delbridge in 1959 and 1960](https://data.ldaca.edu.au/collection?id=arcp%3A%2F%2Fname%2Cdoi10.25910%252Fjkwy-wk76&_crateId=arcp%3A%2F%2Fname%2Cdoi10.25910%252Fjkwy-wk76)
- Coming soon - Monash Corpus of English
<!-- - [Monash Corpus of English](https://ausnc.org.au/corpora/monash) -->
- [The La Trobe Corpus of Spoken Australian English](https://data.ldaca.edu.au/collection?id=arcp://name,the-la-trobe-corpus-of-spoken-australian-english&_crateId=arcp%3A%2F%2Fname%2Cthe-la-trobe-corpus-of-spoken-australian-english)
